#Artificial-Intelligence: Assignment 4
Daniel Holmgren, Otis Skipper, Madison Pfaff

# Image_Classification
To begin, we programmed the Image Classification in Java with using the libsvm library. The program consists of the identification of 4 image classes: hobo bags, clutch bags, flat shoes, and pumps that are all indicated by their file names. In order to assess the problem, we needed to split up the data set into a training set and a testing set. To implement this, we found it would be better to initially make 4 folders with the training data and 4 folders of the testing data to use instead of splitting the files into folders each time we run the program. Our program splits them in a manner where 70% are randomly selected for training and 30% are randomly selected for testing. With importing the pictures each time the program is run, we have a less biased understanding of the accuracy of our image classification program based of the different training/testing sets. However, in order to make sure our program runs correctly, we have stored the randomly separated data set until we are confident in our program.

Our implementation is comprised of 5 classes in Java (Main, FolderSplitter, ImageSVM, Picture, and PictureCollection). In the Main method the sets are initialized from retrieving the files from the path locations of where our specified folders are for flats, hobo bags, clutch, and pumps (ie: /Users/otisskipper/Desktop/COMP560A4Images/Flats/Training/tmpTraining2"). In addition to importing the libsvm library for Support Vector Machines, we set each component of the photos to the following setting: Hobo Bags = 1, Clutch Purses = 2, Pumps = 3, and Flats = 4. At the beginning of the main method the variables C and g can also be defined as well as an indication as to which computing feature to use (Tiny Image or Linear).  When you press enter, the output will print out the accuracy for identifying each image as its appropriate classification when it is tested with all of the pictures in the testing set.
